{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Don\'92t say we can circle back. \
\
Market comentareis.\
\
Build a newsletter? Why? \
\
Benefits: \
Generating new leads\
Capture one client. \
3 leads a month. \
Open rates are 3 times the industry average. \
Build relationships. \
Forward the content is the easiest way. \
Become the maven in the industry \
Deliver quality content to your list every week without lifting a finger \
\
Let her talk. Slow down. \
\
Feature dumping. Speaking really quickly . \
\
WOWWW get the credit card information. \
SLOWWW DOWNNN.\
\
Don\'92t wait until Monday to follow up. Get the info now.  \
\
\
Don\'92t say do you have any questions? Ask her questions. \
\
How are you currently communicating with your investors? \
How do you generate leads right now? \
How much business comes from your referrals over the internet? \
What\'92s your closing rate right now? \
How many leads/month are you generating? \
Are you sending out newsletters right now? \
How long does it take? \
Are you paying for this? \
How much is one client worth to you? \
\
\
Pricing is too low. You didn\'92t have to drop the price. \
Break down the pricing. \
Time savings alone. \
Get the credit card information. \
Do you absolutely love this? \
\
Don\'92t say we can let you go. No self supplicating statements. \
\
You want to be the maven. \
There shouldn\'92t be two people on the phone. It should just be one person. It\'92s confusing the client. \
\
Give examples. My other client used this and generated 15 new leads a month! Get on this. \
\
How many people\
\
Send to your friends. \
\
\
Timeline: \
1. \
\
Get people to communicate their value preposition and developing and increasing value prop to existing clients and new clients. \
\
Building a trusted brand- most important is trust- brokers want to be trusted\
Stay top of mind with that client \
Saving people a lot of subscriptions. 100 + saving/month \
Don\'92t have to spend all the time finding the relevant content. \
\
Increase brand\'92s reach \
Build network \
Clients can share that with their friends and family. \
Overtime someone shares the content, you generate a new lead. Every time someone reads the content because it was shared it generates a new lead. Advisors only use linked in. Never twitter or other social media. \
Deepen existing client relationships by adding new value by giving all this expensive content for free. \
Saving time, they don\'92t have to log into 9 newspapers.\
Position you as a thought leader in your industry. \
\
This will make you money. The ROI is huge. By using as you spend a few minutes a week, you provide your clients with the most trusted news and other credible information, you can ensure that you are providing your clients with dollar value. \
\
A) They will money form this\
Only two ways to make money in the business a) they have a family or investor\
wealthy people have multiple brokers. Every broker wants more of the assets. It\'92s all about assets under management. \
The number one broker are the guys with the most assets under management. \
Calling to the states- much more aggressive than Canadians. \
\
We are client communication and marketing platform.\
Provide dollar value \
position yourself as a though leader \
save your clients a ton of time\
Providing great content for them to access free\
\
Effects\
Clients will be more engage and share relevant content with other people. As captures realtime information on everyone who reads it \
Newyork times, forbes, routers. \
\
Please identify yourself. Tells you where they work, what their interests are, what their job is,  what client created the lead, what article was read and a list of people of who you both know. We create a big list of warm leads. \
\
He\'92s a picture of the snapshot of the lead. \
\
Here\'92s a big study by Vangaurd. First advisor stream will do this for you. This has never been possible to co-brand yourself with these brands. \
\
Engaage\
One of the largest studies: \
Not overwhelm, but stay in good contact. \
Vanguard studies:  have shown that when clients feel engage, they invest 2x more. \
If your client can\'92t remember your name, you are not getting referred. \
\
Growing at 3k weekly. \
TD Ameritrade \
Goldman Sacs \
\
Dealing with the biggest\
Wirehouses \
1.Morgan Stanley \
2. Meryl Lynch\
3. Wells Fargo \
\
CIBC\
TD Waterhouse \
We work with all kinds of Independents\
Out of New York and Toronto\
We are the only solution that allows you get premium subscription clients. \
Wealth Management thought leader. \
We capture new leads for you, what client created that lead and what they are interested in. \
A few minutes a week. \
\
Send you the LPL Wealth Management/financial. We also work with banks, like TD Ameritrade. \
\
Thousands of firms \
RIA - regional independent advisors - Bain of the warehouses existence  500,000 advisors \
\
Complience - you let us know who your compliance officer is and their phone number, and we can contact them for you and set up a call and set up a 10 minute call to get compliance. \
\
RIA\'92s don\'92t have compliance problem, don\'92t have marketing teams. Getting approval. \
\
Small firms are not going to waste money with the compliance. \
Get on the phone and they love and they will show the others in the office. \
\
Increase AUM/ Building book. Percent of wallet. \
\
How do you stay top of mind everyday? \
How do you build your referrals? \
Do you want a. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
}